What conditions do you want me to promise you?
What about the first condition?
I hope the emperor will issue a decree
Anything manufactured by the Duke's Mansion in the future
No one is allowed to forge or fabricate
And the Duke's Mansion is exclusive
This is simple.
I can issue an order immediately
You said the second condition
Uh emperor
Is this the second condition?
I hope the emperor will marry the princess to his courtiers
Presumptuous, you stinky beggar of unknown origin
Are you even worthy of marrying a princess?
Hmph, you are innocent
You bring me a hundred thousand knives
The emperor calms down
I knew I was wrong.
I promise you
Two months later.
Hand in hand
hand-in-hand
100,000 the saber in place
you
Get married immediately
It is the emperor who will live up to expectations
Wang Xuan, you are so brave
How dare you threaten your father in this way?
Marry me to you
Empty heart road
I'll just say it casually
I didn't expect the emperor to really agree
i
Now that I think about it, I still regret it.
Uh, I'll ask the emperor to take back his life now
Even if you turn around
I suspect it's you
You come back to me
If you dare to step out of my house
I will cut you
What are your plans?
This 100,000 knife is not a small amount